[singing voice] Aniplex.
[distant sirens blaring]
‐ Let's go out the back.
‐ [both grunting]
[all breathing heavily]
‐ Shirou, wait.
‐ [gasps]
Why?
What is it?
[grunts]
[Archer] I'm surprised
to see Saber with you.
So it's you.
[scoffs]
[Mashiro Ayano's "Ideal White"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Mashiro singing in Japanese]
Archer!
Why did you wait so long
to finally show up here?
Why?
Can't you tell?
I rushed here as soon
as I sensed a threat,
but too bad.
It looks like I'm late.
Yeah, it's pretty much
all over now,
but I'm going to fill you in
on everything
that just happened.
And you're going to sit there
and listen
to every little detail.
[scoffs]
It looks like I arrive
at the worst time imaginable.
Boy, you can sure
say that again.
One of the servants
was taken out of the running,
and just now you show up?
All right, all right.
Next time I promise
I'll be here sooner.
So then,
do tell me which servant
was eliminated.
It was the rider‐class servant
who went down.
I'm not certain what happened
but I think it was Caster
who took her out.
[scoffs]
A true coward.
It appears she
was just all talk.
Archer,
Rider died protecting
her master.
You are in no position
to call her a coward.
A coward's still a coward.
If you call yourself a hero,
you should at least be able
to take your opponent down
with you.
I am sure she would have
if she had the chance,
and she would not fall without
a fight.
Insulting the manner
of her death sullies
your own claims at hero status.
Think what you will
of my hero status.
Those who are unfit
to fight this war
should be the first to go.
Yes, well said.
In that case,
do you wish to fight me, Archer?
I am under command seal
compulsion
which does not allow me
to fight.
If we were to engage in battle,
I'd have no other choice
but to die just like Rider.
That isn't very chivalrous,
is it, Saber?
[grunts]
Archer, enough of that!
Until we defeat
the master hiding at school,
I am in a deal
to cooperate with Emiya.
Do you understand?
Of course,
I could use another
command seal.
Oh, all right.
Saber is just so righteous
and noble,
I can get carried away
teasing her.
I'm sorry, Saber.
No need.
It was I who acted immaturely.
Respect for Rin compels me
to overlook your words.
[Rin] Anyway,
if we want to beat Caster,
we have to find out where
her master is.
Fortunately or not,
Caster's master comes
to this school every day.
We don't wanna scare him
or put him on guard,
so let's go ahead
and leave him be for the moment.
So then we find a way
to identify the master.
Then we stop him from going
to the Ryuudou Temple.
That's the plan.
Okay, but won't he
just stop coming to school?
Won't it be too risky after
a big ruckus like this?
Highly unlikely.
I doubt
that caster's master still
has that type of free will.
That's not her style.
I'm certain the first thing
that she did
was turn her master into
a puppet.
That'd make sense.
In the meantime,
let's continue our investigation
of the school.
Then, we strike once
we locate Caster's master.
Well,
that all sounds good except
for one thing.
How do we look for him?
That's our homework for today,
but let's call it a day.
‐ You must be exhausted.
‐ What?
I'm not tired at all.
I can‐‐
‐ [Rin grunts]
‐ [Shirou] Ow!
[groaning]
Hey, Tohsaka!
Isn't it clear that Archer
is acting really weird?
And after yesterday,
I want us all
to be on the same page.
Okay, I get it!
Relax!
I'll go home like you said!
Great.
See you tomorrow.
Oh, and thanks for all
your good work today.
[Rin] There were a few times
out there when you even looked
a little bit like a real master.
[gasps]
We're going, Archer,
and we'll discuss this screw up
of yours as soon as we get home.
[Rin] Got it?
Ah, there it is.
Finally.
[Archer] I was wondering when
the verbal abuse
was going to start.
[Rin] Now, look here, you!
How much more are you going
to push me before I have
to really lay down
the law with you?
Wait, what?
You sleep in my room?
Yes, of course.
To prevent last night's blunder
from happening again,
I shall take up residence
in your room.
Surely you have no objections.
But I do have objections!
[Saber] If you get down to it,
it's your fault for falling prey
to remote hypnosis
from so far away.
The fact is I am unable
to protect you
from Caster's magic,
and so it is prudent that I
at least stay in the same room.
Well, you make
a perfectly good argument,
I suppose.
Tonight isn't quite‐‐
Fine, you win.
It makes sense for you
to sleep nearby me in my room.
Good.
It is the logical choice
to make as a master.
Just be sure to keep
to yourself.
[dramatic guitar music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[groans]
[breathing deeply]
♪♪ ♪♪
[groans]
How can I fall asleep
with her there?
Idiot.
[panting]
[Kirei] It has been six
days since
the war began.
And it would seem you are
the first one
to have actually made
his way here.
[grunts]
Am I to assume
that you're withdrawing
from the war, then, boy?
Yes, of course I am!
Do you want to see me die
or something?
[Shinji] Without a servant
to command,
I'm no longer a master!
How could I ever defeat anyone?
I'm just an ordinary human now!
I'd be a victim in all this!
It's just not fair
to have people constantly coming
to kill us when there isn't
anything we can do about it!
[scoffs]
Let me guess.
You have some sort
of problem with that?
No, of course not.
In all of history since
this church's founding,
you are the first to withdraw
from the war and ask for help.
I offer you every courtesy.
But how is that...
It's just me?
The only one knocked out?
What will my grandfather say
when he finds out about this?
[screams]
This is your fault!
You and all your people!
You stuck me
with that lousy Rider servant!
Oh.
Are you implying that the Rider
was of no use to you?
Damn right, I am!
[grunts]
And after all I did for her,
she just up and died
like some cowardly dog!
Absolutely any other type
of servant would have been
a hell of a lot better!
[scoffs]
[shouts]
I did exactly
as Grandfather said, dammit!
My preparations were perfect!
It was those idiot bastards
that got in my way.
It was two against one!
What can one expect
to do against those odds?
That's right.
See?
It wasn't my fault that I lost.
Their servants
were better than mine!
That's all!
Just looking down on me
with those smug looks
on their dumb faces!
Damn!
Damn, damn, damn, damn,
damn, damn, dammit!
[Shinji panting]
[gasps]
Let me ask you this question.
Does the fire still burn in you?
Do you still wish to fight?
[gasps]
Hmm.
You are most fortunate.
There happens
to be one other servant
that is currently available.
[birds chirping]
[Taiga] You'll never guess what
the doctor had the gall
to ask me today.
"It's rare seeing someone
so healthy, Ms. Fujimura.
Perhaps you would care
to donate some blood?"
Oh‐ho, the nerve!
[groans]
I'm just as sick
as everyone else, you know.
Geez.
[chomping]
‐ Refill!
‐ Well, anyway,
it's good that most
of them don't
have anything worse than anemia.
They didn't even have to close
the school or anything.
That's true.
It's good that classes
will go on as usual,
but you know...
Don't you think
it's kinda strange?
How so?
Despite the fact that there
was such a mess,
nobody ever adequately explained
what the exact cause was.
Just something vague
about chemicals
and an empty classroom down
on the first floor.
So, they spent
the whole night scouring
the building from top to bottom,
and that was
the best they came up with?
But the students
in the hospital,
they'll be able to go home soon,
right?
Huh?
Mm.
I think there are
a few exceptions,
but most of them will be allowed
to go home.
Oh, Sakura, too.
That's great.
If you have a spare moment,
you should drop by there
and visit.
I know that she'd be so happy
to see you!
[munching]
[birds chirping]
[Shirou grunts]
Tohsaka, what the‐‐
Think I got it.
There's something odd
about Issei.
Huh?
What do you mean by odd?
What are you saying?
Caster's master.
Caster's lair is Ryuudou Temple.
On school days,
that's where Issei comes from.
There's no way those two things
are unrelated.
Oh, come on.
That could all just be
a coincidence.
I can't believe it!
Are you covering up for him?
‐ Whose side are you on?
‐ Oh, please.
That's not what I'm saying.
Come with me.
‐ [Shirou] Uh‐‐
‐ Oh, just come on!
But wait a minute!
[Shirou] Look, I get it, okay?
I see what you're trying
to get at here.
Believe me, I do.
You can stop giving me
that look all the time.
How am I supposed to react
when you just stand there
and sulk at me?
I am not sulking.
[grunts]
Fine then.
I just can't imagine
that Issei would work together
with Caster on something
so horrible.
Don't you remember
what Archer said yesterday?
What if Caster's master
is really under her control?
Just think.
What if Issei doesn't
even remember
that he's actually a master?
I guess maybe that kind
of makes sense.
Oh, yeah?
Do you have a better theory?
No.
Okay, then.
I'll check him out myself.
[grunts]
All right, fine!
I'll do it!
I'll look into it, okay?
Just leave investigating Issei
to me.
I'll find out if he's a master.
I give you may word on that.
[grunts]
You can trust me.
I won't hold back just because
he's my friend,
and I won't keep anything
from you.
All right, fine.
You report back to me
the second you know one way
or the other.
Got it?
Of course.
I promise.
[exhales]
So, how are you planning
on testing him?
Huh?
Well, I, uh...
Right.
Please don't say you
were just going to ask.
"Hey, Issei.
Are you a master, dude?"
I know you wouldn't
be lazy enough to do that.
Don't you worry.
There are plenty of other ways
to check if someone's a master.
[door slides open]
Emiya?
[Shirou] Issei, I need you
to take your clothes off now.
[gasps]
You‐‐you want me to what?
Have you lost your mind?
Stay back!
Is this a new zen riddle
or a Buddhist Q&A?
[grunts]
Yep.
Don't ask questions.
‐ You just strip down!
‐ [shouts[
[Issei] Stop this, you fool!
Get off of me!
Is this any way for the heir
of a samurai family to behave?
Oh, man.
This is great.
What a relief!
Maybe a relief for you.
[grunts]
Geez.
What's the matter with you?
Why would you make me do
all that for nothing?
[Shirou] I'm sorry.
Please forgive me, Issei.
So you admit that you
were wrong, then.
You now owe me an explanation.
Why'd you do that
in the first place?
Sorry, but I can't
tell you any details.
I just needed to know something.
That's all.
But don't worry.
Now that I know,
everything's fine.
[grunts]
[groans]
Uh...
Anyway, Issei‐‐
[coat zipping]
Have you noticed
anything strange about
the temple recently?
What do you mean, strange?
Have you noticed anything
different going on there lately?
[scoffs]
No, nothing.
The mountain is the picture
of peace.
[Shirou] Issei, wait.
[exhales]
[Girl] School is now out
of session.
Students are not allowed
to remain on campus
after school hours.
All students,
please leave immediately.
‐ [Shirou] She left?
‐ [Girl] Yes.
Tohsaka took off ages ago.
Well, that's great.
She told me to report back
to her right away.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[Shirou] Tohsaka?
Hey, there you are.
What are you doin'
just standin' around‐‐
[both grunting]
Wait a minute!
What are you doing?
‐ [groans]
‐ Quiet!
We can't attract his attention.
[groans]
Attract who's attention?
[Rin] Press closer against
the wall!
[groaning]
Boobs!
‐ Tohsaka, your boobs!
‐ Keep quiet!
‐ [grunts]
‐ There.
In front of Sakura's.
See that strange guy over there?
Huh?
[Shirou] Blonde hair.
‐ A foreigner?
‐ [Rin] Right.
He's just been staring at
the Matou house.
[grunts]
‐ Back!
‐ [gasps]
[footsteps approaching]
I wonder,
Is that who she was talking
to before?
Wait, Sakura?
[Rin] Yeah,
I thought he was only asking her
for directions.
[stammers, shouts]
And what the heck
are you doing here, anyway?
I could ask you
the exact same thing.
[chuckles]
[Shirou] And what the heck's
that evil grin supposed to mean?
Oh, nothing.
I see it all now.
Instead of looking
for other masters,
you're much
more concerned about
the girl who always helps out
at your house.
Yes.
I think I have
a much better understanding
of you now.
Stop being ridiculous.
I went to your class
to report back to you,
to tell you about Issei,
but you'd already left.
What?
Issei's definitely not a master.
[Rin] Wait a minute.
So you already checked him out?
‐ Seriously?
‐ I sure did.
Issei's in the clear.
If you choose not to believe me,
I don't really care.
Huh?
[grunts]
No, I believe you.
I know you're not the type
to ever lie to me.
If you say he's innocent,
then Issei is innocent.
[exhales]
But tell me.
What did you do
to check him out?
I made him take off his clothes.
What do you think I did?
[Shirou] I took off his shirt
and checked to see
if he had
any command seals on him.
[groans]
All right.
Now why are you here?
Oh.
Well, I think I was just worried
about Sakura.
We're kind of acquaintances.
From what Fujine says,
she'll be discharged today.
She may even be home already.
Good.
Hey, wait.
You're leaving?
Oh.
[grunts]
I have something I'd like
to run by you.
Okay, what's on your mind?
Well, uh,
it's just a hypothetical.
Tell me.
How do you think a child
would feel if‐‐
if she were given away
to be adopted?
Adopted into another family
with no say at all?
[grunts]
Emiya?
[gasps]
Well, it depends on
the situation.
If her new home was nice,
then she'd probably
never complain,
and if it wasn't nice,
then she would complain.
I see.
I guess you're right.
Why am I even asking such
an obvious question?
We'll start again tomorrow.
We need more ideas on how
to find Caster.
Okay, sounds good.
[blows landing]
[Saber grunting]
[Shirou grunting]
[thudding]
[groans]
Ah.
Ah, it's been quite a long time
since you practiced kendo
in the old dojo.
Wait, a long time?
Even though he had a fine
sparring partner like you?
Well, guess it has been a while.
I think I pretty much stopped
after my dad died.
It's true!
You know,
after Kiritsugu died,
Shirou hardly picked up
his bamboo sword at all.
You don't know how sad
it made me.
Fujine, there's no reason
to dredge up the past.
Oh, fine.
Oh.
You have tales
from Shirou's childhood?
Yeah!
Wanna hear, wanna hear?
Yes.
I am quite curious.
Wonderful, then!
Prepare to be regaled
by big sister Fujine!
He was so adorable
as a little one.
He was always so trusting
of everybody
and if anyone had
a request for him,
he would instantly agree to it.
‐ [Saber gasps]
‐ However,
he had a really bad
stubborn streak.
Whenever he set his mind
to something,
there was just no budging him.
You could say he was
the polar opposite of Kiritsugu
in that regard.
Polar opposite?
Kiritsugu was the type of person
who was always open.
He thought that good
and evil were subjective.
He was one of those
"What will be will be,"
kind of guys.
[Taiga] However,
if he saw someone
who was in need,
he would always try to help,
and little Shirou here
would always try to mimic him.
[grunts]
Shirou tended to see the world
in black and white
much more than Kiritsugu.
Shirou would even beat up
any bullies
he saw hanging around town.
Yep, even in those days,
Shirou was one
of justice's heroes.
Why do you want to be
a hero of justice?
Why?
That's a tough question
to answer.
I looked up to them
when I was a kid.
That's all.
So you look up to them,
to those heroes of justice?
Mm, you could say that.
All right.
Why is that?
What do you mean, why?
Why not?
Shirou?
[gasps]
Excuse me.
I'm going to my room.
Hmm?
[door slides open]
[door slides closed]
[both gasping]
Aw, man.
What am I afraid of?
What is it?
Why do you want
to be a hero of justice?
Why be a hero of justice?
Why?
[Shirou] Fine, since you can't,
I'm gonna be a hero for you.
I just wanted
to follow his dream.
[Archer] There's no such thing
in this world
and there never has been.
Let your ideals drag you
to your death.
Go to hell.
You can never know
unless you try.
[Kalafina's "Believe"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chorus singing
in foreign language]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]